update Elixir version in CI (#390)
honeybadger-io/honeybadger-elixir: CHANGELOG.md

adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Update Elixir version in CI (#390). Updating of phoenix dependancy from v1.5.10 to v1.5.11 resulted to a compilation error due to the tier dependancy(:mime) which requires Elixir 1.10+ but CI runs on Elixir v1.8.0 hence the need for an update to Elixir 1.10+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the minimum Elixir version to 1.10 (#390). Phoenix v1.5.11 causes a compilation error due to the new `mime` dependency, which requires Elixir 1.10+.
```

adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Update Elixir version in CI (#390)

Reviewer: We should be transparent about the new minimum required version (and the fact that the update is because we're tracking Phoenix).

Author: I have made changes on that, kindly let me know if it's clear.

Reviewer: Much better. I tweaked the language a bit on top of it 👍
